hi Jennifer priest here and I want to
share with you my first trip to this
store fall Osprey days I had never been
there before and I got a bunch of deals
so I wanted to share with you about the
deals alright first I got my husband
this shirt and I probably should look at
the receipt I don't think it was $12.99
I think I bring up like $7.99 but it's
kind of cute you know totally cheap for
seven dollars
we got Matthew this little button down
shirt for 399 so that was a really good
deal and he likes these kind of little
shirts got another work shirt for my
husband this is a cambridge classics one
I don't remember what store carries that
brand usually but I've seen this brand
before
$3.99 and does it say it says $7.99 and
other stores maybe it's like Walmart
brand or something and then another one
for mr. Matthew this one's from polo I
don't know if it's real polo or not fake
fellow whatever that one came out to
$5.99
these shoes for Katie for $7.99 and
we're gonna alter them they're just like
fake converse and finally these shoes
for Matthew for $4.99 they're really
comfy little slip ones they have them in
blue and I think great as well and then
we also got married you some swim trunks
so all in all we came out under 50 bucks
we got two pairs of shoes a pair of swim
trunks and four shirts so pretty good
deal